Hello stefan we will go where and
today we have prepared a video for you with
information very very very very important
[Music]
about rectal suppositories
how a rectal suppository is administered
it's that quiet here we'll explain
which is a rectal poster for what it is
how it is placed security measures and
how it works in our body let's start
which is a rectal suppository is a type
of medicine that is shaped like a bullet and
is placed through the cndh or the
rectal suppository has a tip
round and one side or straight base already
We will see later what it is for
one of these suppositories can be
solids and semi-solids may have
different sizes shapes and weights
[Music]
keep in mind that each suppository is
different and should be prescribed only
by the doctor
remember it can be annoying and does not cause
pain what suppositories are for
rectal is to decrease the temperature
of the body to treat constipation
to control vomiting and for
people who can not take
oral medications
important data suppositories
we must take certain things into account
as age we have to keep in mind
that every person has a need
different and for this it is important
know what type of suppositories
for each one remembering that there are
for children and adults
now we will see how a
suppository in children under 5 years old and
it is important to follow the instructions
from someone who has the experience
enough for example in the case of a
baby you can turn it is the side
left and insert the suppository
another way is by lifting the legs of the
baby towards her tummy
and finally resting on his knees
and his raised butt
[Music]
first wash your hands
remember that hand washing is very
important
second takes out the suppository from
wrapper you do not have to manipulate not much
third prepare the baby remember to put
in any of the positions that already
we saw earlier
fourth lubricate the fifth suppository
apply the suppository you have to remember
that you have to put it from the base to
the tip thus contracts the anus and does not
allows the exit of the same
and finally keep your bags together
taking
quiet sleeps now let's see a
video that will explain you better
first wash your hands
and then place the baby in the position
that is comfortable is better
do not forget to lubricate the suppository
wind
in her
[Music]
it is important to stimulate the anus
with circular movements before
introduce the suppository finally what
we introduce and keep together their
buttocks
now let's see in children over 5
years and adults
we begin by placing the person in the
correct position rotated on its side
left and with a crouched leg
second wash your hands
third put on gloves despite
having washed from humans is always
very important to introduce the suppository
slowly either if someone else is
places or if you place yourself
remain reclining for several
minutes to avoid expulsion of
suppository now let's watch a video
that better explains what we just saw
It is important that the person you are
you are going to put the suppository sep the
procedure that you are going to perform
the correct position is with the person
leaning on his left side tries
that is comfortable in this way
[Music]
and with his right leg picked up towards
your chest
[Music]
do not forget the hand washing is very
important
[Music]
as well as lubricate the suppository
stimulates the anus with movements
circulars before introducing
[Music]
finally we introduce it as
deep that we can
[Music]
remember the same steps and the same
position when placing fabric by
you alone
and security measures explain to the
person the whole procedure uses
only what is indicated by the doctor
wash your hands before and after the
application to enter it by the base and not
by the tip, avoid holding it much
time and not of faith that is after a
hour
how a suppository works once
we introduce the suppository through the anus
a part of the body that is going to
straight flame here the skin is very
absorbent and thanks to the temperature of
our body the suppository melts
being able to absorb it and in this way
we achieve the effect we want thanks
[Music]